c:\Users\Bleach\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProductService\BusinessEntities\bin\Debug\BusinessEntities.dll
c:\Users\Bleach\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProductService\BusinessEntities\bin\Debug\BusinessEntities.pdb
c:\Users\Bleach\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProductService\BusinessEntities\obj\Debug\BusinessEntities.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\Bleach\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProductService\BusinessEntities\obj\Debug\BusinessEntities.dll
c:\Users\Bleach\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProductService\BusinessEntities\obj\Debug\BusinessEntities.pdb
c:\Users\Bleach\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProductService\BusinessEntities\bin\Debug\Resolver.dll
c:\Users\Bleach\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProductService\BusinessEntities\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.dll
c:\Users\Bleach\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProductService\BusinessEntities\bin\Debug\Unity.Mvc5.dll
c:\Users\Bleach\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProductService\BusinessEntities\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\Users\Bleach\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProductService\BusinessEntities\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
c:\Users\Bleach\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProductService\BusinessEntities\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\Users\Bleach\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProductService\BusinessEntities\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\Users\Bleach\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProductService\BusinessEntities\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\Users\Bleach\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProductService\BusinessEntities\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\Users\Bleach\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProductService\BusinessEntities\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\Users\Bleach\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProductService\BusinessEntities\bin\Debug\Resolver.pdb
c:\Users\Bleach\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProductService\BusinessEntities\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.xml
c:\Users\Bleach\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProductService\BusinessEntities\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\Users\Bleach\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProductService\BusinessEntities\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
c:\Users\Bleach\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProductService\BusinessEntities\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
c:\Users\Bleach\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProductService\BusinessEntities\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\Users\Bleach\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProductService\BusinessEntities\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\Users\Bleach\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProductService\BusinessEntities\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\Users\Bleach\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProductService\BusinessEntities\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
