c:\Users\Bleach\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProductService\TestHelper\bin\Debug\TestsHelper.dll
c:\Users\Bleach\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProductService\TestHelper\bin\Debug\TestsHelper.pdb
c:\Users\Bleach\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProductService\TestHelper\bin\Debug\DataModel.dll
c:\Users\Bleach\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProductService\TestHelper\bin\Debug\Resolver.dll
c:\Users\Bleach\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProductService\TestHelper\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\Users\Bleach\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProductService\TestHelper\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.dll
c:\Users\Bleach\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProductService\TestHelper\bin\Debug\Unity.Mvc5.dll
c:\Users\Bleach\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProductService\TestHelper\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\Users\Bleach\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProductService\TestHelper\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
c:\Users\Bleach\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProductService\TestHelper\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\Users\Bleach\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProductService\TestHelper\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\Users\Bleach\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProductService\TestHelper\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\Users\Bleach\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProductService\TestHelper\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\Users\Bleach\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProductService\TestHelper\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\Users\Bleach\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProductService\TestHelper\bin\Debug\DataModel.pdb
c:\Users\Bleach\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProductService\TestHelper\bin\Debug\Resolver.pdb
c:\Users\Bleach\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProductService\TestHelper\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\Users\Bleach\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProductService\TestHelper\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.xml
c:\Users\Bleach\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProductService\TestHelper\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\Users\Bleach\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProductService\TestHelper\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
c:\Users\Bleach\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProductService\TestHelper\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
c:\Users\Bleach\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProductService\TestHelper\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\Users\Bleach\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProductService\TestHelper\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\Users\Bleach\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProductService\TestHelper\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\Users\Bleach\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProductService\TestHelper\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\Users\Bleach\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProductService\TestHelper\obj\Debug\TestsHelper.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\Bleach\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProductService\TestHelper\obj\Debug\TestsHelper.dll
c:\Users\Bleach\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProductService\TestHelper\obj\Debug\TestsHelper.pdb
c:\Users\Bleach\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProductService\TestHelper\bin\Debug\BusinessEntities.dll
c:\Users\Bleach\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProductService\TestHelper\bin\Debug\BusinessEntities.pdb
C:\Users\Bleach\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProductService\TestHelper\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.dll
C:\Users\Bleach\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProductService\TestHelper\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.xml
